docs: improvements to slot access codes how-to (#268)
Yubico/Yubico.NET.SDK: docs/users-manual/application-otp/how-to-slot-access-codes.md

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License. -->

# How to set, modify, remove, and use slot access codes

The YubiKey's OTP application [slots](xref:OtpSlots) can be protected by a six-byte access code. Once a slot is
configured with an access code, that slot cannot be reconfigured in any way unless the correct access code is provided
during the reconfiguration operation.

Attempting to perform a slot configuration operation without providing the correct access code will result
in the following exception:

```System.InvalidOperationException has been thrown.```
```YubiKey Operation Failed. [Warning, state of non-volatile memory is unchanged.]```

> ## Slot access code properties

Reviewer: Can you clarify the meaning of this header?

Reviewer: Ah, I see its coming from line 52 prior to the additions. 
Was this change intended?

Author: I didn't update the header at all, but I did move some things from the intro section into this one, so that's probably why it shows up as green.

Access codes can only be set, modified, or removed during one of the following slot configuration operations:

- [ConfigureYubicoOtp()](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.OtpSession.ConfigureYubicoOtp%28Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.Slot%29)
- [ConfigureHotp()](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.OtpSession.ConfigureHotp%28Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.Slot%29)
- [ConfigureChallengeResponse()](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.OtpSession.ConfigureChallengeResponse%28Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.Slot%29)
- [ConfigureStaticPassword()](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.OtpSession.ConfigureStaticPassword%28Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.Slot%29)
- [UpdateSlot()](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.OtpSession.UpdateSlot%28Yubico.YubiKey.Otp.Slot%29)

> Therefore, the **only** way to modify a slot access code that doesn't result in the reconfiguration of the slot's current cryptographic credential is to use ``UpdateSlot()``. However, calling ``UpdateSlot()`` will revert a number of other slot settings (such as ``SetAppendCarriageReturn()``) to their default states unless otherwise specified during the operation. See [How to update slot settings](xref:OtpUpdateSlot) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among these, the **only** way to modify a slot access code that doesn't result in the reconfiguration of the slot's current cryptographic credential is to use ``UpdateSlot()``. However, calling ``UpdateSlot()`` will revert a number of other slot settings (such as ``SetAppendCarriageReturn()``) to their default states unless otherwise specified during the operation. See [How to update slot settings](xref:OtpUpdateSlot) for more information.
```

Author: I reworked this sentence--let me know if you like the new version better.

Reviewer: Yes, thanks!
